Update _index.md (#734)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/team_contributions/_index.md

## Quality Assurance Contributors

> Quality Assurance contributors by GitHub username and (first contribution date) are alphabetically listed below. The list is updated regularly (last updated November 18, 2020), and includes testing assignments completed that are listed in the [quality-assurance](https://github.com/mattermost/quality-assurance/issues) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quality Assurance contributors by GitHub username and (first contribution date) are alphabetically listed below. The list is updated regularly (last updated November 18, 2020). Contributions include completed testing assignments listed in the [quality-assurance](https://github.com/mattermost/quality-assurance/issues) repository.
```
